Hello, I am Riley Moore, currently looking for a innovative team to collaborate and implement new technologies.

Education: Texas Tech (senior) studying Computer Scinece with a minor in Mathematics graduating in May 2023

Experience: Raspberry Pi and software patent development for Inetgri Tees
            PCCA Application Engineering Internship | April 4th - Present
            Hack West Texas Spring 2022
            Paycom programming job course
            Computer assembly adn architecture
            Team advancement skills working with organizations and projects related software engineering
            Leadership in directing peers to organize a website from scratch

Activites:  120+ hours of community service through King of Hearts
            Sigma Alpha Pi
            Raider Hacks
            Google Developer Student Club
            Texas Society of Proffesional Engineers (TPSE)
            
Languages: (Python, C#, C, C++, Assembly, SQL, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Java, iVerilog, Latex, 
            ASP.Net & .Core, Entity Framework, Linq) 

A Little About Me: 
            I have interned at Plains Cotton Cooperative Assocation since April 4th to present and it has been the most 
            valueable time to me as a software engineer. I have learned so much from the amazing people that work there.
            From the technical skills I gained while working, to the new friends I made just socializaing around the office.
            The thing I loved most about PCCA is their sense of family. We do not only work toghether, we get coffee or go to 
            happy hour. 
            
            I am also currently developing a patent for Integri Tees. 
            
            The reason I included this section is to tell you a little about what I do. However, I am not aloud to show the 
            hard work I have been putting in for the patent or the internship. I would simply like a chance to show a company 
            that I am able to work in a team and be innovative with critical thinking. 
            
            *Disclosure*
            For most of the summer I was practicing version control and sharabilty on GitLab. This is the reason there is not 
            much activity on my GitHub for that time duration.
